## How to use?

- You have to paste the text in the container which says text area.
- Press the generate button to show the generate the images


## Note these

After you have *generated* the images, you will be able to see that the generated container shows the last snapshot of the last page.
If you again want to regenerate this page, you will have to make atleast **1 change** in the text area.


### Problems

- When text is wrapping, the next line is being shifted a little towards the left.
(*Check the initial preserve indentation value*)

### Randomization


##### 1. Random Font Size

*Each letter* of your word will have a random size variation.

- When you set this random font size value to **0**, then there will be **no randomization** applied.

- It is better to apply **Margin Bottom** and increase the **line height** when random font size is applied.

- Applying randomization of font size, consumes more ram and there is *very slight possibility* that the script might not run and *slow down your browser*.
In that case, just try to close the other tabs of your browser.

- **Note :** When you apply this feature, the preview on the *generated area* may not look the same, when you get the output.

##### 2. Random Rotation

This property is indicated by the input labelled **Word Rotation**. A *random* value between `0` and `input integer` will be applied to each word in your text. The values is in `degrees`.

- This **can only be applied** when random *fontSize* has **`value > 0`**.

- For the best result, we suggest you to apply keep *random fontSize* value to low (between `1` and `3`).

- Do not use a value greater than `5`.


##### 3. Random Spacing

Need help in this. Not yet implemented

### Resolution Scale

This indicates the [scale](https://html2canvas.hertzen.com/configuration) of the image that will be generated by the library `html2canvas`.

0 means that your generated image will have almost no quality and 1 means that the image will retain its quality for as shown in the **text generated section**.

👉 ***Suggestion*** : Keep the value to `0.8` if you want a low quality image.

### Paper Lines

When applied, *paper lines* will be applied on the page.

**The preview might look bad in the *generated section*, but it will be correct in the *output*.**

---
